TuneTrivia is a mobile app created with Swift that will play a segment of a song and the user has to guess either the title, artist, or year. This app is designed to keep track of the users score and provide 4 answers the user can choose from when asked the question. The user will be asked a total of 10 questions and after they answer each question they will get 1 point added to their score if they got the answer correct and 0 points if they are incorrect. The program will contain 30 questions that will be randomized to ensure replayability. Each question is hardcoded into the app using JSON. There are 4 screens on the app contentView, HowToPlayView, questionView, and resultView. contentView is the app's homepage which contains the title, start button, and how to play button. HowToPlayView contains the apps description on how to play it. When the user clicks the start button it brings them to the questionView which contains the question, a play shaped button, and 4 answers. The user simply clicks the play shaped button and picks the answer they believe is correct. If the answer is correct they will be awarded a point and the screen will show an alert which says Correct!. However, if the player is wrong they will not be awarded a point and the alert will say Wrong the answer was ____. Then at the end of the 10 questions, the screen resultView will show and display the users score out of 10 with an option to play again. 

Hope you have fun playing!

Creators: 
Mya Nikitas - Back-end and questionView
Rasha Abdulkader - Front-end, contentView, HowToPlayView, and resultView
